# CT-artifact-remover
Code from my 2021 Summer REU Project "Deep Learning for Sparse-View Filtered Backprojection Imaging".  
**Absract:**  
Filtered Backprojection (FBP) algorithms are computationally efficient and therefore, widely used. These algorithms however, require a lot of data to correctly compute an image through an inverse function. In the case of Computed Tomography (CT) scans, collecting a lot of data means taking lots of X-ray samples. These X-rays can be both expensive and have health effects on the patient. Sparse-view scans are undersampled, meaning they collect less data. This approach however, has the potential to introduce artifacts into the image. This project focuses on using Deep Learning techniques to remove these artifacts from the sparse-view filtered backprojection CT images.  
**More Info:**  
This project investigated different Deep Learning architectures, loss functions, and training methods to compare which ones were able to produce the most realistic reconstructions of the undersampled images. Many of the failed architectures and techniques have been ommitted from this repository, and only the ones that produced viable or good results have been left in. The shortcomings of the ommitted models provided valuable insight as to what the well-performing models were doing correctly. The Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) FBPConvNet model was used as a benchmark to compare against the Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) models, Pix2pix and the Perceptual Adversarial Network (PAN). 
